+++
date = "2016-07-21T12:42:27+03:00"
title = "0.11.1725"
topics = ["releases"]
+++
Changes since 0.11.1288 (11.04.2016)

This release brings in almost 200 commits that touch almost all the areas of the plugin from adding
functionality to performance improvements.

<!--more-->

## Changes

### Editing

- `Create Function` quick-fix is now available! It suggests to create a function
with the appropriate types or with the `interface{}` types if the original types are not allowed to be used.
{{% fluid_img "/images/1654/create_function.gif" %}}
- New `Move statement up` (`Cmd-Shift-Up`) and `Move statement down` (`Cmd-Shift-Down`) actions
<br/>for variable declarations
{{% fluid_img "/images/1654/moving_statement_1.gif" %}}
and for block statements.
{{% fluid_img "/images/1654/moving_statement_2.gif" %}}
-  `\n` will now be correctly inserted when you add a new line.
{{% fluid_img src = "/images/1654/enter_in_string_literal.gif" width = "319px" %}}
- `Complete statement` action (`Cmd+Shift+Enter`) has been improved.
{{% fluid_img src = "/images/1654/smart_enter.gif" width = "300px" %}}
- With the new icons on the editor gutter you can now easily run applications and tests.
{{% fluid_img src = "/images/1654/run_app_gutter.png" width = "334px" %}}
{{% fluid_img src = "/images/1654/run_test_gutter.png" width = "390px" %}}
- New `Surround with` action (`Alt-Cmd-T` on OS X or `Ctrl-Alt-T` on Windows and Linux).
{{% fluid_img "/images/1654/surround.gif" %}}
- New `Unwrap` action (`Shift-Cmd-Backspace` on OS X or `Ctrl-Shift-Delete` on Windows and Linux).
{{% fluid_img src = "/images/1654/unwrap.gif" width = "530px" %}}
- Implemented [Fatih's](https://github.com/fatih) idea of completing struct tags. 
Completion items for tags are fully customizable on `Settings | Editor | Live Templates | Go Struct Tags` page.
{{% fluid_img src = "/images/1725/json_xml_live_templates.gif" width = "480px" %}}
{{% fluid_img src = "/images/1725/json_xml_live_templates_multicursor.gif" width = "544px" %}}

### Completion

- Receiver types completion now contains types from current package only.
{{% fluid_img src = "/images/1725/receiver_type_completion.png" width = "226px" %}}
- Function parameter info is now displayed right after you complete a function or a method name.
{{% fluid_img src = "/images/1654/parameter_info_on_completion.gif" width = "300px" %}}
- Completion for `range` keyword.
- Completion for `type` keyword inside the blocks.

- Improved code completion in `struct` literals:
  - no suggested field names when `value` initializer is used;
  - no suggested values when `field:value` initializer is used;
  - shows only unassigned fields in the code completion popup.
{{% fluid_img src = "/images/1654/struct_literal_completion.png" width = "370px" %}}

### Inspections

- A new inspection now highlights redundant declarations and provides corresponding cleanup actions.
{{% fluid_img src = "/images/1654/cleanup_fixes.gif" width = "300px" %}}
- Another new inspection now warns you if the iterations on pointer to slices are not valid.
{{% fluid_img src = "/images/1654/cannot_range_on_pointer_to_array.png" width = "399px" %}}
- The `Placeholder count` inspection is now valid for `Logf`, `Skipf`, `Errorf`, and `Fatalf`.
- The `Defer` inspection now has a quick-fix to convert functions to function calls.
{{% fluid_img src = "/images/1654/defer_function_call.png" width = "326px" %}}

### Debugger

- Delve now supports passing parameters on Windows.
- A new version of Delve fixes an issue with the race condition that was causing skipping breakpoints when debugging from the IDE.
- Lots of internal improvements in Delve.

### Other

- Improved performance of code completion, unused inspections and find usages actions.
- The auto-import completion now uses less memory.
- Improved type calculation for nested types.
- Code completion for Live templates is now disabled inside the comments.
- The plugin won't nag you about the wiki page every time you install a new version.
- A new Darcula-based editor theme is now available.
- Improved output of passed tests.
- The `Introduce variable` refactoring now suggests names based on expression type that are used.

Many other changes and fixes have been introduced to increase the overall stability, functionality, and performance of the plugin.

For a full list of plugin changes, please visit [this page](https://github.com/go-lang-plugin-org/go-lang-idea-plugin/compare/2c63b95...16d7e44)

Develop with pleasure!